Update Well known labels, annotation and taints with annotation apf.kubernetes.io/autoupdate-spec (#42528)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

## Labels, annotations and taints used on API objects

### apf.kubernetes.io/autoupdate-spec

Type: Annotation

> Example: `apf.kubernetes.io/autoupdate-spec: true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: `apf.kubernetes.io/autoupdate-spec: "true"`
```

> Used on: [All APF configuration objects](/concepts/cluster-administration/flow-control/#defaults)

Reviewer 2: There aren't many kinds in the APF group, please spell them out.

Author: Changed, please take a look

> Used on: [Mandatory and suggested APF configuration objects](/concepts/cluster-administration/flow-control/#defaults)

Reviewer 2: There are only two kinds defined in the flow control API group, `FlowSchema` and `PriorityLevelConfiguration`. Is it much clearer if we explicitly say that this annotation is to be applied on such objects?

> Depending on whether this annotation is set to true or false, the object is controlled by the kube-apiservers or the user.

Reviewer 2: This is not clear.
If this annotation is set to true, then the corresponding object is controlled by the API server?

> If the annotation is set to true, the object is controller by the kube-apiserver.  The object is controlled by the user if the annotation is set to false. For more details, read  [Maintenance of the Mandatory and Suggested Configuration Objects](/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/flow-control/#maintenance-of-the-mandatory-and-suggested-configuration-objects)

Reviewer: Is this right?
```suggestion
If this annotation is set to true on a FlowSchema or PriorityLevelConfiguration, the `spec` for that object
is managed by the kube-apiserver. If the API server does not recognize an APF object, and you annotate it
for automatic update, the API server deletes the entire object. Otherwise, the API server does not manage the
object spec.
For more details, read  [Maintenance of the Mandatory and Suggested Configuration Objects](/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/flow-control/#maintenance-of-the-mandatory-and-suggested-configuration-objects).
```
